[Tutorials] Continue moving metadata to frontmatter (#1315)
timescale/docs: timescaledb/tutorials/aws-lambda/index.md

---
title: TimescaleDB with AWS Lambda

> excerpt: Learn to work with AWS Lambda and TimescaleDB together

Reviewer: ```suggestion
excerpt: Learn to use AWS Lambda and TimescaleDB together
```
